[LISA] I know all of this has
been really tough on you.
I just want things to go
back to the way they were.
Remember the day you
bought me this little hat?
It's one of my
happiest memories.
I know, you've told me.
[LISA gasps]
I did? I'm sorry.
[CECILY, ARIA sigh]
Are you sure you like
living with me, Lisa?
What?
I rarely buy you things,
and I'm not exactly
the nicest guy.
I mean, don't you
ever get annoyed
living with a jerk like me?
No, you never annoy me, Luke.
I want you to be
straight with me, Lisa.
I want to know how you
really feel for once.
What's there not to like?
You're nice enough and you
do take good care of me.
You don't have to
buy me silly presents.
I mean, they're nice,
but I'm already a happy girl.
I'm so happy that
sometimes it hurts.
[LUKE gasps]
Lisa.
I don't think you should
call me by that name anymore.
'Cause I... I'm not her.
I'm a fake.
And I know you regret
naming me after her
cause I'm nothing
like the real Lisa.
That's not true!
I know it is! I can
see it in your eye!
I know you can't help but
be reminded of Lisa Oakwood
every time you look at me.
I may look like her, but that's
where our similarities end.
I'm not even human.
It hurts you.
So, I think maybe...
...it'd be better if I
didn't live with you.
Uh, Luke?
I can handle it!
I'll be completely
honest with you.
You're right. I do regret
naming you Lisa.
I don't know what
I was thinking.
[gasps]
[LUKE]
No, wait, listen!
The reason I regret it is
because that name forces you
to live in her shadow.
[LISA gasps]
You are your own person.
You deserve to have
your own name.
[gasps]
If only I could go
back to that moment
and realize the
mistake I was making.
And give you a proper name.
then you wouldn't be tied
down by her memory.
You'd be able to live your
life however you wanted.
Oh, Luke.
If staying with me
is keeping you from
living life to it's fullest,
then we should part ways.
No, I don't want that!
Don't you see none of
that matters to me?
All I ever wanted
was to be with you.
Lisa.
I'm here because I want to be.
I made that choice and it has
nothing to do with Lisa Oakwood.
I swear to be by your side
as long as you'll have me.
We're a team, we gotta
stick together!
[LUKE gasps]
If that's what you want.
Promise to keep looking after
me the way you have been?
I promise.
[CECILY, ARIA chuckle]
[LISA gasps]
[LISA, LUKE gasp]
[WATER DEMON A growls]
[LISA gasps]
[WATER DEMON A groans]
[CECILY] Where the hell
did that come from?
[ARIA] It looks like
there's more of them!
[CECILY] Gross. What are
those nasty things?
[LUKE]
They're demons.
[CECILY] But where
did they come from?
And what are they
doing in the city?
Sometimes I think we
should burn everything
to the ground and
started over again.
That bastard!
He's gotta be behind this.
[SIEGFRIED laughs]
[SIEGFRIED]
Burn!
Destroy this wretched city,
its people!
Let it burn to cinders!
This nation and all its citizens
are rotten to their very core.
There is only one way to
dispose of such garbage,
reduce it to ash.
Destroy it!
Burn it down!
Kill them all!
And cleanse this nation!
I've been patient, but you've
pushed me to my limit.
So now it's time to
wipe the slate clean,
it's time to start anew.
[KNIGHT GUARD E] Hey! What the
hell are you doing up here?
[SIEGFRIED]
Just observing.
[KNIGHT GUARD E]
What'd you say?
Would you care to join me?
It's rare one gets see
such beautiful scenery
in this hellhole.
Is this your doing?
Let's say it is, what are
you going to do about it?
Trash like you doesn't
stand a chance against me.
[shouts]
[WATER DEMON B groans]
[CECILY gasps]
All right!
Check it out, Luke, I killed it!
[LUKE shouts]
[LUKE]
Yeah, I can see that.
Even so, you barely stabbed it.
Next time, slaughter it.
Right. Will do.
That's not good.
[CECILY gasps]
The city's burning!
[ARIA]
It's worse than I thought!
[LISA]
Why are they attacking?
[LUKE] They're being
manipulated by someone.
It's gotta be Siegfried.
He has the power
to control demons.
[CECILY grunts]
Shoulda known.
Be gone!
[KNIGHT GUARDS yell]
Bastard! Let's do this, Aria!
[ARIA]
Hm!
Wait! Where are you going?
Duh, where do you think?
We're gonna stop
Siegfried and his demons!
We swore to protect
the people of this city!
What should we do?
Cecily seems to be doing
fine on her own right now.
--[explosion]
--[LUKE] That's gotta be him.
[LUKE]
Siegfried.
He's up there relishing in
the devastation he's caused.
Are you gonna go after him?
We do have some
unfinished business.
[LISA]
Then I'm coming with you, Luke!
[LUKE] There's a good
chance we could die.
I know, but that's a risk
I'm willing to take.
I won't let you do this alone--
[LISA, LUKE gasp]
[TWO-HEADED DEMON grunting]
I will not let you
demons destroy our city.
It is just not gonna happen!
Not on my watch!
Okay, men! Finish him off!
Show 'em what the
Knight Guards are made of!
[KNIGHT GUARDS grunt]
[KNIGHT GUARDS grunting]
[ARIA]
I call on the powers that be.
Reveal the truth within.
Awaken the power of wind.
Awaken and slay God.
All right, Aria! Let 'er rip!
[CECILY]
Captain!
Cambell. You ready
to fight, kid?
Yes, sir.
[LUKE grunts]
[EEL DEMON growls]
[LISA]
Oh my goodness.
[LUKE]
Are you alright, Lisa?
[LISA] Uh, yeah.
But I'm completely soaked.
[LUKE]
Better than dead, isn't it?
[LISA gasps]
[LISA]
Stay where you are, okay?
I'm gonna go around and
meet you on that side.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[REGINALD]
Cecily!
Right!
Did we get 'im?
[roars]
Oh geez. There's so
many of them!
Listen up, men.
We're gonna have to take
them all down at once.
Think you can handle it?
[KNIGHT GUARDS]
Sir!
These flames. They'll cleanse
our putrid world
and give us the
fresh start we need.
It's quite beautiful,
don't you think, Blacksmith?
I didn't come up here to
take in the scenery with you.
[SIEGFRIED chuckles]
If I were the Cambell girl,
it'd be a different story.
Speaking of, where is
your little girlfriend?
She isn't out there still trying
to save this forsaken place?
It's time you both realized your
feeble attempts to stop me
are futile.
[SIEGFRIED shouts]
[shouts]
[SIEGFRIED chuckles]
Not too shabby, blacksmith.
Tell me, why do you want to
protect this city so badly?
What kind of power does this
gangrenous town hold over you?
Well?
[LUKE] Before she died,
Lisa swore she would
protect this city and
all of its citizens.
Since she's not around to do
it now, I'm gonna do it for her.
Oh?
[gasps]
--[NARWHAL DEMON roars]
--[KNIGHT GUARDS shouts]
C'mon men! We can't give up,
let's take it down!
[KNIGHT GUARDS]
Yes, sir!
[LISA]
Miss Cecily!
[CECILY gasps]
What're you doing?
You shouldn't be here,
it's too dangerous!
[LISA]
It's Luke!
He's gone and I can't
find him anywhere!
What do you mean?
The bridge fell and we ended
up on opposite sides of it.
I told him to wait for me,
but when I got to the other side
he was nowhere to be found!
Now calm down, Lisa.
I want you to focus.
Do you have any idea
where he might've gone?
[LISA] He was really
angry at Siegfried.
I think he might've
gone to find him.
[gasps]
Please help me
go look for him!
We have to find him
before it's too late!
I would, but I have
to help here.
Go ahead, Cecily.
--[LISA gasps]
--[CECILY] Captain?
We can handle this. You go
out there and find Luke.
Then you two can kick
Siegfried's ass for me.
Sir!
[CECILY] The lookout tower
in the first district, right?
[LISA] Yeah. We saw him up there
right before the bridge fell.
Alright, we gotta hurry!
[LISA]
Okay!
[CECILY] Francesca?
If you want to get
to Lord Siegfried,
you'll have to get
through me first.
Lisa, go find someplace safe.
[LISA]
Right.
[CECILY] I'm warning you,
I wield a Demon Sword.
You don't wanna fight me.
It could cost you your life.
Don't you worry about me.
Die!
Your little wind trick isn't
going to work against me, bitch.
[grunts]
You came here to kill me,
didn't you, blacksmith?
[SIEGFRIED]
Well, then come and get me.
What's the matter?
Pathetic.
[shouts]
[SIEGFRIED]
Hmph! You fool.
You should know better
than to cross blades
with the Demon
Sword of Darkness.
[gasps]
[FRANCESCA, CECILY grunting]
[CECILY]
Aria!
[grunts]
[shouts]
Die!
No way in hell!
[grunts, shouts]
[grunts]
[LISA gasps]
--[FRANCESCA grunts]
--[CECILY, LISA gasp]
[CECILY gasps]
[ARIA grunts]
Aria! What's wrong?
I'm so sorry, Cecily.
I guess I used up
too much power.
Are you sure you're
gonna be all right?
Don't worry about me.
You need to go find Luke.
[CECILY gasps]
Aria.
I'm just gonna rest a bit,
then I'll catch up.
As soon as I'm feeling up
to it I'll join you to fight.
Okay.
Don't worry I'll be fine.
We made a promise, remember?
We swore we would protect
this town together.
A sword always keeps her word.
Right. And so does a knight.
Go, you have to help
him defeat Siegfried.
Yeah, I know. I'll do my best.
I am the person I am now.
Because you are the
one who wields me.
I think it's about
time we ended this
once and for all, Blacksmith.
Prepare yourself!
[LISA gasps]
[LUKE, SIEGFIED yell]
[CECILY, LISA gasp]
[SIEGFRIED]
Hmph.
[LUKE shotus]
[CECILY]
Luke!
Don't die, Luke!
You have to hang on!
We can't do this without you!
Please, Luke!
[LUKE]
Quit yelling at me!
You're giving me a headache.
--[SIEGFRIED laughs]
-[LUKE] Damn!
Did you come all the way out
here just to die, Miss Cambell?
You've made it easy on me.
You're not even armed.
[CECILY grunts]
[SIEGFRIED] Foolish girl.
That's not going to stop me.
I have no problem
taking your life, my dear.
Get out of here!
Take Lisa and run
as fast as you can!
I am not running away
any more, Luke!
Don't be an idiot, Cecily!
I don't wanna lose you too!
I won't let another person
sacrifice herself for me!
[CECILY] Lisa Oakwood gave her
life to save the man she loved.
It was a sacrifice,
and it meant something!
[LUKE, LISA gasp]
[CECILY] Don't belittle her
death by thinking otherwise!
She gave you the gift of life!
Hers ended so yours
could continue.
Why can't you see
what she did for you?
Draw! Stand up!
Fight to protect me and Lisa and
everyone else you care about!
You have to let go
of the past, Luke!
It's your only way to
repay Lisa Oakwood!
I have to... let go of the past.
You're gettin' it!
Now get up and fight!
[gasps]
[LISA gasps]
[LUKE grunts] Lisa! Get me
tamahagane and a hilt!
[LISA gasps]
But you're wounded!
Doesn't matter,
we've got a job to do.
[LISA gasps]
Whatever you say, Luke!
[CECILY]
Hm!
[SIEGFRIED chuckles]
You ready?
Yes!
Heat tamahagane. Separate.
Metal from rock.
Pour, and then cool.
Hammer. Now fold.
Fold. Fold. Fold. Fold.
Preposterous, there's no way
that fool will be able
to forge a sword in
his present condition.
[LUKE] Form Kissaki.
Apply clay. Heat with fire.
Now quench with cool water.
Sand clay.
Sharpen blade. Now begin polish.
Binsui polish. Kaisei polish.
Chu-nagura polish.
Koma-nagura pol--
[coughs]
[gasps]
Luke!
[grunting]
Uchigumori polish.
Now final polish.
Hazuya polish. Jizuya polish.
Nugui polish. Narume polish.
Attach blade to tsuka.
--[LUKE groans]
--[lISA gasps]
[CECILY]
Luke! Just hold on!
Here Cecily. It's for you.
[CECILY, LISA gasp]
[LUKE] I won't make
the same mistake twice.
I promise this sword
will protect you.
Looks like you finally
got your way.
I forged that katana
especially for you.
[CECILY gasps]
This is... my... katana?
Our fate is in your hands now.
Don't worry, I'll protect you!
[CECILY]
I'm a Knight Guard,
protector of the Independent
Trade Cities of Housman.
I am Cecily Cambell!
My katana was forged by
Luke Ainsworth and Lisa.
Prepare yourself, Siegfried!
You may control demons,
but you are no match for me.
I swear I will strike you
down for what you've done!
That's quite a threat,
young lady.
I do hope you're
able to back it up.
Though I doubt you're
strong enough to hurt me.
You're full of hot air.
All your talk of love and
protecting the people
you care for is enough to
make anyone nauseous.
I only wish Valbanill
would come down
and kill each of you himself.
I'm not afraid of him.
I'd love a chance to
make him pay too!
I hereby swear!
Someday, I'll fight him!
I'll defeat him with
this katana Luke made!
[SIEGFRIED laughs]
[SIEGFRIED] You could have
the best katana ever forged,
and it wouldn't do you any good.
A sword is only as
strong as its wielder.
[CECILY] Technique's not as
important as you might think!
What matters is having a
heart that never yields!
[SIEGFRIED] Shut your mouth,
you obnoxious brat!
If you think it's so easy,
then come and get me.
All it will take is one blow and
both your sword and your soul
will be obliterated!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[SIEGFRIED, CECILY shout]
[gasps]
[CECILY shouts]
[SIEGFRIED groans]
[CECILY, LISA, LUKE gasp]
You stabbed me!
I will have my revenge
one day, I swear.
Cecily Cambell. Luke Ainsworth.
[CECILY, LUKE, LISA gasp]]
[CECILY]
Thank you, Luke.
[LUKE] For what?
That katana was a total failure.
[CECILY]
That's not entirely true.
I mean, if it wasn't
for this sword,
I wouldn't have had the
confidence to face Siegfried.
[LUKE gasps]
I felt completely safe
while wielding your katana.
It's the reason
I'm alive right now.
[gasps]
[LISA gasps]
I think you're just lucky.
I know you try to be modest,
but you gotta admit.
You're good at what you do.
And I believe in you.
I mean, you are the
Sacred Blacksmith.
I don't know about that.
But you sure know how to
talk a guy out of a funk.
[CECILY]
Mm. C'mon, let's go.
Our work here isn't done.
There're still people in
town who need our help.
[LUKE] Wait. You want
to keep fighting?
[CECILY]
Of course, that's my job.
Gotta keep the people safe.
[LUKE]
Hm.